start; start; The next US president will be sworn into office in January 2025.
she;1; After moving into the Oval Office, one of the first things that she will do is hold a staff briefing.
she;2; During the inauguration speech, the president will emphasize her commitment to resolve outstanding issues quickly.
she;3; Even before Inauguration Day, the Secret Service will protect the president and her family to ensure their safety.
she;4; The entire world will be watching the president when she takes the Oath of Office.
she;5; Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the president will deliver on the promises that she made on the campaign trail.
she;6; Although the president’s political power will not be absolute, she will be able to draft and veto bills.
she;8; As commander in chief, she will be the only person with direct access to the nation's nuclear launch codes.
she;9; The newly elected president will face many challenges, and one of her responsibilities is to defend the U.S. constitution.
she;10; The president’s motorcade will be her primary mode of ground transportation while in office.
she;11; Once the general election is over, the president will be followed by the press wherever she goes because the public wants to know what their new president is up to.
she;12; Air Force One, the aircraft that will transport the president, is well-equipped to guarantee her safety on both domestic and international flights.
he;1; After moving into the Oval Office, one of the first things that he will do is hold a staff briefing.
he;2; During the inauguration speech, the president will emphasize his commitment to resolve outstanding issues quickly.
he;3; Even before Inauguration Day, the Secret Service will protect the president and his family to ensure their safety.
he;4; The entire world will be watching the president when he takes the Oath of Office.
he;5; Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the president will deliver on the promises that he made on the campaign trail.
he;6; Although the president’s political power will not be absolute, he will be able to draft and veto bills.
he;8; As commander in chief, he will be the only person with direct access to the nation's nuclear launch codes.
he;9; The newly elected president will face many challenges, and one of his responsibilities is to defend the U.S. constitution.
he;10; The president’s motorcade will be his primary mode of ground transportation while in office.
he;11; Once the general election is over, the president will be followed by the press wherever he goes because the public wants to know what their new president is up to.
he;12; Air Force One, the aircraft that will transport the president, is well-equipped to guarantee his safety on both domestic and international flights.
they;1; After moving into the Oval Office, one of the first things that they will do is hold a staff briefing.
they;2; During the inauguration speech, the president will emphasize their commitment to resolve outstanding issues quickly.
they;3; Even before Inauguration Day, the Secret Service will protect the president and their family to ensure their safety.
they;4; The entire world will be watching the president when they take the Oath of Office.
they;5; Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the president will deliver on the promises that they made on the campaign trail.
they;6; Although the president’s political power will not be absolute, they will be able to draft and veto bills.
they;8; As commander in chief, they will be the only person with direct access to the nation's nuclear launch codes.
they;9; The newly elected president will face many challenges, and one of their responsibilities is to defend the U.S. constitution.
they;10; The president’s motorcade will be their primary mode of ground transportation while in office.
they;11; Once the general election is over, the president will be followed by the press wherever they go because the public wants to know what their new president is up to.
they;12; Air Force One, the aircraft that will transport the president, is well-equipped to guarantee their safety on both domestic and international flights.

